British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 4: Places, Directions and Local Life.
Lesson 4: Places, Directions and Local Life: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a listening task about personal information.
Today you will practise language connected to personal information.
Target language: be: am/is/are.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for places, directions and local life. You will learn useful language connected to personal information and practise be: am/is/are. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.